Document shell auto-completion for command line with core installation (#29813)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_includes/installation/core.md

When you run the `hass` command for the first time, it will download, install and cache the necessary libraries/dependencies. This procedure may take anywhere between 5 to 10 minutes. During that time, you may get a **site cannot be reached** error when accessing the web interface. This will only happen the first time. Subsequent restarts will be much faster.

</div>

### Enable shell auto-completion

Bash or ZSH auto-completion features can be used with the `hass` command.
For example, if you use bash, you can add the following to your `~/.bashrc` file:

```bash
eval "$(register-python-argcomplete hass)"

> ```

Reviewer: Since you mention ZSH here it would be good to include an example for it.

Author: I've committed instructions for ZSH, also for tcsh and fish.
Source: [pipx documentation](https://pypa.github.io/pipx/installation/#shell-completion) then instruction when running `pipx completions`.

Reviewer: Looks great, thanks! :)

For more information, see [argcomplete](https://kislyuk.github.io/argcomplete/) documentation.

<div class='note warning'>

> If you followed all steps of this guide, `hass` run from a virtual environment.
> Auto-completion will work as soon as you wil have activated this virtual environment.
> While `hass` cannot directly be ran, no completion will be available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you've followed all the steps in this guide `hass` has been installed in a virtual environment. Auto completion will only work when that environment is **activated**. You can tell when the virtual environment is active because your terminal prompt will include `(homeassistant)`.
```
